OP:
*Cue HIMYM opening song*
Kimlic
I'm going to tell you the story of how
we got here...

(>>)

OP 2:
Back in 2011...
We, though friends, were as far from a couple as chocolate & water. We hung out but never really "mixed". You were in a relationship with Stella (ha ha tramp stamp! oh wait...) and I was in a relationship with... uhh.. that's not important.

But then as the universe would have it, you broke up...

Being the oh-so nice guy you are, you made her a promise that you wouldn’t [hook-up] (sorry) court another girl for a year.

And so 10 months later...

(Continue to where a crapload of awesome shit happens... (Okay I’ll give you a hint. It's the room they watched Ted's porn in.) >>)


FLOORPLAN:
The Apartment
<Floor plan puzzle>
(<< start) (end >>)


LIVING ROOM:
In September of 2012, around 10 months after you broke up, my life was still as mundane as this squirrel....... Oh my god a squirrel!!! *cough cough* moving on.
It was Intrams week and I... was still bored... and left behind. Luckily, I ended up hanging with you and little did we know the universe had some plans involving you, me, and an emotional rollercoaster.

We talked and texted and texted some more until just over a month later, confessions started flying...

(Continue to where Lily and Marshall did IT after he proposed... and then found a poptart under the fridge)
(<< floorplan)


KITCHEN:
So fast forward to just over a year after your last relationship, it was December. Was it 7th? It was December 7th. You're off the hook from your promise of not [hooking-up] (dammit) courting another and you have a girl who not so long ago returned your confession with her own. Yoouuu lucky sonofabitch.
And what happened? you went to the movies with her(well, me.)... and the rest of the gang... to watch Samurai X...
AND IT WAS AWWWESOOOOME!

After that, you so generously escorted me home.
To what we couldn't have imagined would be the start of US.

(Continue to where Ted found the pineapple)
(<< floorplan)


TED'S BEDROOM:
Our first date! was not the best but what first date really is?
All the awkwardness of a new couple, the clumsiness from the nerves, but we had a hell of a good time together (sort of).
The food and you made for a wonderful Christmas present. (December 25, 2012)

And speaking of presents, I still couldn't believe you bought that panda jacket. When you came out of your room with the YRYS bag, in my head I was all like "whuuut?"
Just d'aaaaaww~ Still love it.

Our first year was AWESOME. I cannot put into words how blissfully long our honeymoon stage was. so many firsts (if you know what I mean ;) )
Getting to know each other even more and so fast too ( ;) ). We grew a lot, loved a lot, and most especially we ate a lot. ( ;) )

I'll never get tired of your hugs and kisses Babu and I hope you won't either.

(Continue to where Ted Moseby, Architect works his architectural magic.)
(<< floorplan)


WORK AREA:
Kimlic our first year was like our all time high but after that, we started our all time low (badump tss! ... ok)
Projects and school started beating us down and pushing us apart. It was a stressfully hard time emotionally, mentally, physically and we just kept butting heads about nothing and everything. And it just kept getting worse.

When graduation rolled around and we were finally free, I thought for sure we could start building US back up again but alas the universe decided to give our rollercoaster a turn for the worst. I swear this rollercoaster has some scary as shit turns out of nowhere.

So on that April day in 2013, at 16 months, we broke up...

(Continue to where Ted found the blue french horn that Robin left behind when she left...)
(<< floorplan)


OTHER BEDROOM:
That night was like torture. I knew I should've gone home, should've cried myself to sleep in peace where no one could see me but something just held me to stay. The hope things might still get better...

It didn't...

An act all night I could almost be proud of but my acting skills didn't have "deep emotional turmoil" covered so... *sob*
This went on all day the next day and it was EXHAUSTING.

The days that followed were bearable... some 200km away. Communication was a mess for days until the universe finally, finally took pity in the form of your sudden call. So much joy, fear, and sadness in the span of a few rings of the phone.

Honestly, I really can't remember much of how that conversation went down but by the end of it we were pretty much back together so... yay!
(ok maybe not really but I was excited to get my boyfriend back so shut up)

(Continue to where Lily and Marshall got trapped... and Lily peed.)
(<< floorplan)


BATHROOM:
Kimlic and Sayk back in action baby! And getting stronger than ever! And wilder I might add ( ;) )
When we officially got back together we were admittedly still in shambles and regret was still lurking around the corner for you but since then we worked hard. Bunch of tweeks here and there and BOOM! *Self-five*

With this newfound peace, things started going back to normal... and unfortunately it wasn't all that fun.
BUT
with the additional sprinkling of "wilder" in the mix plus a couple of neckties and things got a lot more interesting. ( ;) )
Definitely getting better in a lot of things ( ;) ) I'm so proud of us and of how much we've conquered so far. We’re slow but we're getting there.
UP TOP! *high-five*

(Continue to where you haven't gone yet... find it)
(<< floorplan)


NOOK:
And here we are... 2 years later...
We're in our own little nook now and I wouldn't want to have anyone but you with me.
Our secrets to keep just between us; still cuddling and facing each problem and day STILL TOGETHER.

And that, Kimlic, is how we
STAY SWEET.
STAY STRONG.
NEVER SURRENDER.

(<< floorplan) (end >>)


ED:
KIMLIC | BABU | SWEETHEART | LOVE | DARLING | HONEY | BABY KO
VERY VERY HAPPY 2ND ANNIVERSARY!

(>>)


ED 2:
I love you to the stars and back to the bottom of my heart...

sayk | babu
>u< <3 :*


